# fallyGrab
=========

A fully customizable screenshot application
http://fallygrab.com

## About
I've made this application last year while I was trying to learn a bit of C# in my spare time. It only works on Windows.
I've been using it daily ever since, mostly uploading screenshots to FTP.
It takes fullscreen or region screenshots and it uploads them to a various number of services (FTP, Facebook, Dropbox, Imgur) and it also gives you the possibility to create a short URL using the goo.gl service.

## Information
The solution includes two projects, the main one called **fallyGrab** and another project I made for the notifications used by the software, called **fallyToast**.
Make sure to add a reference to the DLL generated by **fallyToast** to **fallyGrab** in order for it to compile.
You will also need to add your own API keys in the settings for Facebook and Imgur. The strings must be encrypted with the **Security** class of the project.

## Disclaimer
The code is a mess. It could use quite a bit of refactoring. I'm a PHP programmer, C# is not my main cup of tea.
Feel free to add to this project as you see fit.

## MIT License
Copyright (C) 2014 Andrei Neamtu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
